This folder regroups files used in order to convert the format of input/output data of our models.

## Tagger and parser evaluation

### `json_to_conll.py`: Creates CoNLL-U formatted tsv files from our tagger's or parser's output files.
It takes the following arguments:
- `-m [mode]` where `[mode]` can be either `tagger` or `parser`.
- `-p [pred_file]' where `[pred_file]` is the model output from the tagger or parser, in the original `.json` format.
- `-o [ouput_file]` where `[ouput_file]` is where the generated CoNLL-U is to be saved. Defaults to `<pred_file>.conllu` if not specified.
- `--multi` should be additionally specified when and only when more than one recipes are included in a single json file.
### `error_analysis.py`: Creates files for manual error analysis.
It takes the following arguments:
- `-m [mode]` where `[mode]` can be either `tagger` or `parser`.
- `-p [pred_file]` where `[pred_file]` is the model prediction from the tagger or parser, in the original `.json` format.
- `-g [gold_file]` where `[gold_file]` is the gold file, against which the prediction is to be compared.
- `-o [ouput_file]` where `[ouput_file]` is where the generated TSV file will be saved. Defaults to `<pred_file>.tsv` if not specified.
- `-f [format]` where the gold file format can be optionally specified (otherwise it is inferred from file extension). Both `conllu` and `conll03` are allowed for the tagger, but only `conllu` is allowed for the parser.
### `parser_evaluation.py`: Performs labeled evaluation on parser outputs.
It takes the following arguments:
- `-p [pred_file]` where `[pred_file]` is the model prediction from the tagger or parser, in the original `.json` format.
- `-g [gold_file]` where `[gold_file]` is the gold file, against which the prediction is to be evaluated.
- `-o [ouput_file]` where `[ouput_file]` is where the evaluation results can be optionally saved as a `.tsv` file in addition to console output.

## Others

- `brat_to_conll.py`: Creates [CoNLL-U](https://universaldependencies.org/format.html) and [CoNLL2003](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/W03-0419/) formatted tsv files from annotations files generated by the [brat annotation tool](https://brat.nlplab.org/) and POS tags annotated with the [ParZu parser](http://github.com/rsennrich/parzu).
- `flowgraph_to_conll.py`: Creates CoNLL-U and CoNLL2003 formatted tsv files from flowgraph annotation files (described [here](https://sites.google.com/view/yy-lab/resource/english-recipe-flowgraph)).
- `id_mappings.tsv`: Associates the names we use for the recipes with the names L'20 used, i.e. with the URLs to the original recipes.
- `reduce_graph.py`: This script converts one CoNNL-U recipe graph with Y'20 labels and dependencies into an action graph or FAT graph.
- `reduce_dir_to_action_graphs`: Traverses a directory and generates action graphs for all recipe graphs in it using `reduce_graph.py`.
